Little Buckets

Basic Functionality:
An application that allows parents to create lists of things they want to remember to do with their little ones.

Allow a registration for users.

Create collection for places to visit.

Create collection for events to take them to.

Create collection for movies to show them.



Advanced Functionality:
Allow profile personalization so you can get reminders about when its the childs birthday so you know what you 
want to introduce to them that year. 


Places I am stuck:


Stopping point:
    

Things to do:
    Add select option to BucketForm form to select specific kid the bucket item is for. Add filter to DisplayBuckets 
        for each kid. Display kid in list of bucket items
    Change BucketForm Tag to a dropdown with a list of tags + "other" 
    gitignore in root folder not have multiple for front and back end
    Add errors for log in and registration
    Add links for display list.
    Add this file to gitignore 
    Deploy project (last thing)

Stretch Goals:
    Make a mobile version so:
        Add kids so user can get alerts for birthday's
        Add image for user and kids and display
    Possibly Add a collage section for photos you can upload






Project is on GitHub: { https://github.com/FeaReeper/Little-Bucket.git  I started this about a week ago, so i already have a good bit done. I also created a wire frame with a whiteboard app but I will make a better one with one of the resources you suggested.}
.gitignore file in root folder: { Currently have 2 gitignore files, one in server and one in client. I will change it to one in root folder }
All of CRUD* on a non-User table: { The table is for movies that the user can add to a list. The user has the ability to create a new movie, view an existing movie, update an already created movie, and delete an already created movie. All of these CRUD functions are specific to the user logged in. I plan to add more lists, like events and travel destinations to take your kids to. }
CSS implemented, and possibly other static content: { For CSS I am using bootstrap as well as inline styling. Hoping that will be enough but if I have to inline style too much I might create a static.css because I don't like my html return to be so cluttered. }
Data is validated upon create and edit, errors show: { Yes, error message will display for all form types. }